# Reflection

## Question 1 (50 words)
#### When and why should you use a function like `carefulSubract` rather than `subtract`? 
You should use a function like `carefulSubract` when there is any chance that the parameters/data could be the wrong type, such as in the case of user input, or using other people’s data. If the program doesn’t check for the type, it could cause problems for the code beyond returning “undefined”; many other functions within the code that depend on it and each other could also fail.

## Question 2 (100 words)
#### What are `data types`, and how does data typing work in JavaScript? Name at least 4 built-in data JS data types. 
`Data types` are the different categories of information that Javascript can interact with. Javascript interacts with these types in different ways. By assigning data types, the program is `told` what it can and cannot do to a certain piece of data. Human information has to be converted into a certain data type in order for the computer to process it. The (for the most part) standardization of data types allows almost any computer to access and process it. It also makes it easier for programmers to write and read code. Four data types are strings, numbers, booleans, and arrays.

## Question 3 (100 words)
#### What is the advantage to storing information as an object (`{firstName: 'Italo', lastName: 'Calvino', profession: 'novelist' }`) rather than as an array (`['Italo', 'Calvino', 'novelist']`)? Are there any disadvantages?
Objects and Arrays are both sets of data of any type(s). Information in an object can be accessed through its name; information in arrays are accessed through its index--each item is numbered. Objects have to call each item by name one by one; arrays can indiscriminately iterate through all its items. Therefore, the advantage of objects are that it is easy to specifically pick out a single item, while arrays can systematically go through all items. The disadvantages of each are that to use every one of its items, an object would have to call for them one by one; and if a list wanted to use one specific item, it would either have to already know that item’s numerical position, or have to iterate through and check each item to look for it. Because of these features, objects typically represent `things`, while arrays typically represent `lists`.

## Question 4 (150 words)
#### The function `sentences` transforms a data structure (in this case, a list of object literals) into a sequence of sentences. If the data structure were less predictable (e.g., if some properties of each object were occasionally missing, or if their data type was not always the same), what programming techniques could you use to ensure that your function produced a coherent output? Also, can you think of a more interesting "transform" that could be done with the same data structure?
If the data structure were less predictable, if statements could be used to make checks on what data is there, and if its correct. Different outputs could be designed to accommodate different possibilities. For example, like with carefulSubtract, you could check the parameter type, and if its incorrect, not use that info and create a sentence that maintains coherence. e.g. if there was no/incorrect data for occupation, the output could be ‘firstName lastName was a historical figure.’, thus maintaining coherence. If not enough correct data is supplied, the output could return ‘There is not enough correct information’. Unpredictable information can use if statements to check for different possibilities, and then have a response ready.

An interesting transform that could be done with this same data structure could be reading and sorting the information in a variety of ways. For example, after calculating the reign of ministers in computeReign, you could sort them by length with a for loop. Similarly, you could also sort historical figures alphabetically by name, alphabetically by occupation, lifespan, or birth year. This information could help people organize their info or gain new insights.
